Ben Aoki-Sherwood, Kenyon Nystrom, Avery Watts

1. Since we are assuming that a person-in-the-middle attack is impossible, Alice
	and Bob can safely use Diffie-Hellman to agree on a key to use with their
	symmetric encryption algorithm. They can then use this symmetric encryption
	algorithm to encrypt and decrypt their long message. Since it is a long
	message they will not use public key encryption.
	a. Alice and Bob agree on a shared key K using Diffie-Hellman
	b. Alice sends Bob SK(M) and Bob gets the message by doing SK-1(SK(M)) = M.

2. Public key encryption ensures that a third party could not intercept the
	initial key and therefore secretly read and doctor messages between Alice
	and Bob. Also, given the ability of a person in the middle to potentially
	scramble messages without detection, a hash is necessary to guarantee the
	integrity of the message.
	a. Alice decides on a key K to use for symmetric encryption and uses public
		key encryption to send Bob C = E(SA, K || H(K))
	b. Bob receives the message and retrieves the key K by doing E(PA, C). He
		knows how long H(K) will be based on the hashing function, so he can
		separate that part out and then re-compute H(K) to check that the key he
		received was indeed the one Alice sent.
	c. Now having a safe key to use for symmetric encryption, Alice can send Bob
		SK(M || H(M)), and Bob can receive the message by doing
		SK-1(SK(M || H(M))). Once again, he knows the length of the hash so he
		can separate out the hash digest and re-hash the message to make sure
		that Mal didn’t tamper with it.

3. Since there is no person in the middle, Bob and Alice can safely use
	Diffie-Hellman to exchange a key K to use with a MAC algorithm and with a
	symmetric encryption algorithm (we will assume that they can use the same
	key for both and be safe, since Eve cannot intercept the key). Alice can
	then use the MAC to create an authentication code for her message, combine
	this code with the message, use symmetric encryption to encrypt this, and
	send it to Bob. Bob can then decrypt and recalculate the MAC to verify that
	Alice sent the message (since we can assume that only Alice and Bob have
	access to the key K).
	a. Alice and Bob can agree on a key K using Diffie-Hellman
	b. Alice can create an authentication code for her message using K using a
		MAC:   C = MAC(K,M).
	c. Alice can encrypt the message and the code by doing SK(M || C) and then
		send this to Bob.
	d. Bob receives the encrypted message and code combination and can decrypt
		by applying the key again: SK-1(SK(M || C)) = M || C.
	e. Since he knows how long the code C should be, he can separate the message
		and the code and recompute the code by doing C2 = MAC(K,M), and check to
		see that C2 == C so that he knows it was Alice that sent the message.

4. We start with symmetric encryption to exchange a key, since we are assuming
	that there is no risk of a person-in-the-middle attack. Then, we use digital
	signing using a cryptographic hash function to ensure the message cannot be
	modified by Alice or Bob without detection. Bob can use the digital
	signature and Alice’s public key to verify that the message was sent from
	her, and thus if he keeps a record of the message he can use it as proof
	that Alice did in fact send the contract. If Alice keeps a record of her
	digital signature, Bob cannot duplicate it because he doesn’t have Alice’s
	secret key, so Bob cannot claim that any changed version is the real version
	she sent.
	a. Alice and Bob agree on a shared key K using Diffie-Hellman.
	b. Alice creates a digital signature using her secret key and the hash
		digest of the message: Sig = E(SA, H(M)).
	c. Alice concatenates her signature to the message and encrypts the
		concatenation using symmetric encryption, sending Bob SK(M || Sig)
	d. Bob receives the encrypted message and decrypts it using the symmetric
		algorithm: SK-1(SK(M || Sig)) = M || Sig
	e. Bob somehow separates the signature from the message and re-computes the
		hash D’ = H(M). He can then decrypt the signature using Alice’s public
		key and verify that the message was sent from Alice: he knows this if
		E(PA, Sig) = E(PA, E(SA,D)) = D == D’
